# Edubadges statement of consent 
Your education institution is organising a pilot project with Edubadges. In this pilot project, digital badges are issued to students in order to study the advantages, disadvantages, applications and limitations of these badges in practice.

An account is required to access the Edubadges employee environment. In this declaration of consent, you will learn how your education institution handles your personal data and you can give your consent for the processing of this data.

## What is an Edubadge? 
A badge is a digital identifier (image) that proves the recipient possesses certain knowledge or skills. A badge recipient can share it with others, for example on social media, in a digital CV or with a (potential) employer.

More information on Edubadges is available on [SURFnet's website](https://www.surf.nl/innovatieprojecten/onderwijsinnovatie-met-ict/edubadges-en-microcredentialing.html).

## Issuing a badge
Students can register for a badge through Edubadges. The education institution can allot the badge to the student after they have registered and satisfied the requirements for it. There are various roles for employees within Edubadges and these are briefly explained below.

1. Issuers are active at study programme level and – depending on the rights granted – can grant requested badges to students and create and/or edit badge classes.
2. Faculty administrators can create new issuers with corresponding rights within the faculty.
3. Institution administrators can create faculties and new faculty administrators.

If you want to assume one of the above roles as part of this pilot project, you can do so by giving your consent to process your personal data. This personal data is necessary to link you to a role (e.g. issuer) and to the students who have registered for a badge.

Note: participating in this pilot is not mandatory and not participating has no further consequences. 

## Personal data
Some personal data is required for the technical operation of Edubadges. This concerns a unique identifier generated by SURFconext, an email address, the higher education institution and, where appropriate, the associated faculty.
This data will only be processed by your education institution and its processor: SURFnet. The data will be kept until 31 December 2020.

## Withdrawal of consent
If you wish to withdraw the consent you have given, send an email to that effect to info@edubadges.nl. You will be contacted within three working days to discuss the further procedure. All personal data relating to you will be erased after the withdrawal of consent.

## More information
If you would like to know more about the processing of your personal data, how we protect it and what rights you have, take a look at the pilot project's [privacy statement](https://pilot.edubadges.nl/public/privacy-policy).

If you have any questions or comments, please contact us on [info@edubadges.nl](mailto:info@edubadges.nl).

**Consent**
I hereby consent to the processing of my personal data within the context of the Edubadges pilot project, and am therefore participating in this pilot project on a voluntary basis. 

<I CONSENT> 	<I DO NOT CONSENT>
